{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\sl360\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0                        Meeting 1                   Feb 05 2021\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Group members self introduction and team building \
Everyone talks about their background and related experience. \
Clarify the requirement of the group project together\
Assign each one\'92s role\
Brainstorm the project idea together:\
Idea 1: occupational diseases of engineers   bad habits pains\
Related monitoring and correcting webs and apps\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\partightenfactor0
\cf2 mouse hand\cf0 , \cf2 tech neck\cf0 , \cf2 death from stress\'85\'85\cf0 \
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Idea 2: COVID-19 related good habits and bad habits\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Finally decide on taking on idea 1.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\sl360\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0                         Meeting 2                   Feb 09 2021\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Version control & Git\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Create a public repository and assign one person to be in charge of the git version control work. \
Everyone tried Git together.\
Docker \
Go through docker commands and get familiar with docker. \
Clarify further research areas.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\sl360\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0                Meeting 3                Feb 16\super th\nosupersub  2021\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Settle down the final idea and talk that in detail.\
Discuss this week\'92s learning content and what the teachers said in live classes. \
Talk about docker and mirror.\
Web scraping\
Clarify each one\'92s role and duty.  which part each member is in charge of. \
Roles:\
Yan jun Liu - Report writing documentation   front-end\
Qi Chongyan - front end & back end coding\
Wen Guangzhe \'96 front end & back end coding \
Chen jian - back end \
Li Rang \'96 back end & test \
Ask teacher about the advice we give to people \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\sl360\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Meeting    March 23\super rd\nosupersub \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri-340\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 1.	Discuss docker image usage in our team\
2.	Try to pull docker image from docker desktop\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\sl360\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Meeting    March 25\super th\nosupersub \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri-340\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 1.	Discuss what are we going to present to teachers and what we are going to ask teachers during the feedback discussion session. \
2.	Discuss about this week\'92s contents\
3.	Clarify everyone\'92s tasks during Easter holiday and ddl for each task\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
All the above meetings attended by all members in the group.\
}